document settingDefaults (#3046)
matrix-org/matrix-react-sdk: docs/settings.md

}
```

> Settings that support the config level can be set in the config file under the `settingDefaults` key (note that the "theme" setting is special cased to the `default_theme` in the config file):

Reviewer: There's a couple more like language, etc:
```suggestion
Settings that support the config level can be set in the config file under the `settingDefaults` key (note that some settings, like the "theme" setting, are special cased in the config file):
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
```

{
  ...

>   settingDefaults: {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "settingDefaults": {
```

>     settingName: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "settingName": true
```
